Problem 11. Programming Languages
Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information 
about the most popular programming languages. How similar are they to C#? 
How do they differ from C#?
Write in a text file called “programming-languages.txt” at least five languages 
along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English.

1.	C# vs Java

C# is intended to be a simple, modern, general-purpose, object-oriented (class-based)
programming language. It was developed by Microsoft within its .NET  initiative. 
C# is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure.

Java is a general-purpose computer programming language that is class-based, object-oriented, 
and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. 
It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA).

Java and C# are similar programming languages that are class-based object-oriented, 
both are designed with semi-interpretation or runtime compilation in mind, 
both use garbage-collection, and both are "curly brace languages" like C and C++.

2.	C# vs C/C++

C++ is a general-purpose programming language. It has object-oriented and 
generic programming features, while also providing the facilities for 
low-level memory manipulation. C/C++ compiles to native (machine) code optimized 
for a specific processor/architecture. 
It's a language made specifically for high performance/real time applications.

3.	C# vs Visual Basic

Though C# and VB.NET are syntactically very different, that is where the differences mostly end. 
Microsoft developed both of these languages to be part of the same .NET Framework development 
platform.   They compile to the same intermediate language (IL), which runs against the same 
.NET Framework runtime libraries. Their differences are primarily syntactic and 
almost every command in VB has an equivalent command in C# and vice versa. 
Lastly, both languages reference the same Base Classes of the .NET Framework 
to extend their functionality. As a result, with few exceptions, 
a program written in either language can be run through a simple syntax converter 
to translate to the other.

4.	C# vs PHP

PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor, is a server-side scripting language designed for web development
 but also used as a general-purpose programming language. 
PHP is compiled down to an intermediate bytecode that is then interpreted by the runtime engine.

According to The Comparison Wiki, C# offers better performance than PHP, 
far better API (application programming interface), and unlike PHP supports safe casting.

5.	C# vs JavaScript

JavaScript is most commonly used as part of web browsers, 
whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, 
control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed. It is also used in server-side network programming with runtime environments such as Node.js, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.
C# is intended to be suitable for writing applications  ranging from the very large 
that use sophisticated operating systems, down to the very small having dedicated functions.
